README.md, before:

# Honda Passport Daily Report

Fetch daily used Honda Passport listings from the MarketCheck Cars API and email them as an HTML table via SMTP (Gmail/Outlook/Yahoo/Brevo/etc.).

## Prerequisites
- Python 3.9+.
- MarketCheck Cars API key (RapidAPI “Cars Search” free tier is fine).
- SMTP-capable email account (Gmail/Outlook/Yahoo with app password, or Brevo/SMTP2GO free plan).

## Setup
```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourname/honda_passport.git
cd honda_passport
python3 -m venv .venv
source .venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
cp .env.example .env
```

Edit `.env` with your keys and preferences:
- `MARKETCHECK_API_KEY` (required)
- Geography: `CAR_SEARCH_COUNTRY` (`US` or `CA`); optional `CAR_SEARCH_STATE` (e.g., ON); optional `CAR_SEARCH_ZIP`, `CAR_SEARCH_RADIUS_MILES` (keep radius ≤ 100 on free tier to avoid 422 errors; clear `CAR_SEARCH_ZIP` if you want country/state-wide results)
- Email: `SMTP_HOST`, `SMTP_PORT`, `SMTP_USER`, `SMTP_PASS`, `EMAIL_FROM`, `EMAIL_TO`
- Optional: `MAX_LISTINGS` cap (default 50)
- Optional: `CAR_SEARCH_YEARS` to override year filtering with a comma list (e.g., `2020,2021,2022`). By default the script builds an explicit comma list from `MIN_YEAR` to current year to avoid range parsing quirks.
- Optional Supabase ingestion: set `SUPABASE_URL`, `SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY`, `SUPABASE_TABLE` (default `passport_listings`) to upsert daily results for trend tracking.

## Run Once (manual)
```bash
source .venv/bin/activate
python daily_passport_report.py
```

## Run Daily on GitHub Actions (free cron)
- Add repo secrets: `MARKETCHECK_API_KEY`, `SMTP_HOST`, `SMTP_USER`, `SMTP_PASS`, `EMAIL_FROM`, `EMAIL_TO`.
- Optional repo variables for non-sensitive settings: `CAR_SEARCH_COUNTRY`, `CAR_SEARCH_STATE`, `CAR_SEARCH_ZIP`, `CAR_SEARCH_RADIUS_MILES`, `CAR_SEARCH_YEARS`, `MAX_LISTINGS`, `SMTP_PORT`.
- The workflow at `.github/workflows/daily-passport-report.yml` runs daily via cron (`0 15 * * *`, ~10:00 ET). You can adjust the cron string or run manually via “Run workflow” in GitHub UI.

## Behavior
- Fetches active used listings filtered to Honda Passport, year >= 2020 (adjust in script if needed).
- Builds an HTML table (year, price, kilometers, trim, body, colors, dealer info, link).
- Sends HTML email via SMTP (STARTTLS on 587 by default; SSL on 465 if configured).
- On API error: sends an error email when SMTP is configured, otherwise logs to stderr.

## Testing Tips
- Start with a small `MAX_LISTINGS` (e.g., 5) to verify email formatting.
- Temporarily set a bad `MARKETCHECK_API_KEY` to confirm the error email path.
- Check spam folder on first sends.

## Notes
- Adjust filters (price, mileage, trims, location) inside `daily_passport_report.py` as needed.

Commit message:

feat: exclude Sport and TrailSport trims from passport report
- Add EXCLUDED_TRIMS configuration to filter out Sport and TrailSport trims
- Implement is_excluded_trim() function with normalized trim name matching
- Filter listings before rendering HTML table and upserting to Supabase
- Add preview_report_json.py utility for testing reports without sending emails
- Update README to document trim exclusion behavior

This change ensures that Sport and TrailSport trim variants are automatically
filtered out from daily Honda Passport reports, focusing the report on other
trim levels of interest.

README.md, after:

# Honda Passport Daily Report

Fetch daily used Honda Passport listings from the MarketCheck Cars API and email them as an HTML table via SMTP (Gmail/Outlook/Yahoo/Brevo/etc.).

## Prerequisites
- Python 3.9+.
- MarketCheck Cars API key (RapidAPI “Cars Search” free tier is fine).
- SMTP-capable email account (Gmail/Outlook/Yahoo with app password, or Brevo/SMTP2GO free plan).

## Setup
```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourname/honda_passport.git
cd honda_passport
python3 -m venv .venv
source .venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
cp .env.example .env
```

Edit `.env` with your keys and preferences:
- `MARKETCHECK_API_KEY` (required)
- Geography: `CAR_SEARCH_COUNTRY` (`US` or `CA`); optional `CAR_SEARCH_STATE` (e.g., ON); optional `CAR_SEARCH_ZIP`, `CAR_SEARCH_RADIUS_MILES` (keep radius ≤ 100 on free tier to avoid 422 errors; clear `CAR_SEARCH_ZIP` if you want country/state-wide results)
- Email: `SMTP_HOST`, `SMTP_PORT`, `SMTP_USER`, `SMTP_PASS`, `EMAIL_FROM`, `EMAIL_TO`
- Optional: `MAX_LISTINGS` cap (default 50)
- Optional: `CAR_SEARCH_YEARS` to override year filtering with a comma list (e.g., `2020,2021,2022`). By default the script builds an explicit comma list from `MIN_YEAR` to current year to avoid range parsing quirks.
- Optional Supabase ingestion: set `SUPABASE_URL`, `SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY`, `SUPABASE_TABLE` (default `passport_listings`) to upsert daily results for trend tracking.

## Run Once (manual)
```bash
source .venv/bin/activate
python daily_passport_report.py
```

## Run Daily on GitHub Actions (free cron)
- Add repo secrets: `MARKETCHECK_API_KEY`, `SMTP_HOST`, `SMTP_USER`, `SMTP_PASS`, `EMAIL_FROM`, `EMAIL_TO`.
- Optional repo variables for non-sensitive settings: `CAR_SEARCH_COUNTRY`, `CAR_SEARCH_STATE`, `CAR_SEARCH_ZIP`, `CAR_SEARCH_RADIUS_MILES`, `CAR_SEARCH_YEARS`, `MAX_LISTINGS`, `SMTP_PORT`.
- The workflow at `.github/workflows/daily-passport-report.yml` runs daily via cron (`0 15 * * *`, ~10:00 ET). You can adjust the cron string or run manually via “Run workflow” in GitHub UI.

## Behavior
- Fetches active used listings filtered to Honda Passport, year >= 2020 (adjust in script if needed).
- Excludes Sport and TrailSport trims from the report.
- Builds an HTML table (year, price, kilometers, trim, body, colors, dealer info, link).
- Sends HTML email via SMTP (STARTTLS on 587 by default; SSL on 465 if configured).
- On API error: sends an error email when SMTP is configured, otherwise logs to stderr.

## Testing Tips
- Start with a small `MAX_LISTINGS` (e.g., 5) to verify email formatting.
- Temporarily set a bad `MARKETCHECK_API_KEY` to confirm the error email path.
- Check spam folder on first sends.

## Notes
- Adjust filters (price, mileage, trims, location) inside `daily_passport_report.py` as needed.
